Notify about missing pre-requisites for Wake On Lan (#35630)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/webostv.markdown

> Home Assistant is able to turn on an LG webOS Smart TV if you specify an action, provided by an {% term integration %} like [HDMI-CEC](/integrations/hdmi_cec/) or [WakeOnLan](/integrations/wake_on_lan/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use an automation to turn on an LG webOS Smart TV, install an {% term integration %} such as the [HDMI-CEC](/integrations/hdmi_cec/) or [WakeOnLan](/integrations/wake_on_lan/). They provide an action that can be used for that.
```

Author: Works for me. Although emphasizing and duplicating are not bad things per se when they help making things obvious.

> {% important %}
> `WakeOnLan` or `HDMI-CED` integrations are not automatically installed together with the `LG webOS Smart TV` integration. Make sure the desired one is already availalbe in `Settings->Devices and services -> Integrations` or use `Add Integration` button to intall it.
> {% endimportant %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Maybe the original sentence can be rephrased a bit instead.
